README.md, before:

# 🛡️ DELE-T-LINUX

**DELE-T-LINUX** is a robust Python-driven automation tool designed for Linux users who prioritize data privacy. This script streamlines the secure and permanent deletion of files and directories by leveraging forensic-grade tools, ensuring your sensitive data remains unrecoverable.

---

## 🚀 Key Features

* **Smart Distro Detection:** Automatically identifies **Arch Linux**, **Debian**, and **Ubuntu** derivatives to handle package management.
* **Auto-Dependency Management:** Seamlessly installs `shred` or `wipe` if they are missing from your system.
* **Pattern-Based Deletion:** Bulk delete specific file types (e.g., `.mp4`, `.pdf`, `.key`) using advanced overwriting.
* **Directory Shredding:** Deep, recursive cleaning of entire folders, destroying the underlying file structure.
* **Customizable Security:** Choose between 1 to 64 overwrite passes to meet your specific security requirements.

---

## 🛠️ System Requirements

* **OS:** GNU/Linux (Debian/Arch and derivatives).
* **Language:** Python 3.x.
* **Privileges:** `sudo` access is required for package installation and low-level data destruction.

---

## 📦 Installation & Usage

### 1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone [https://github.com/Isaac-maker/dele-t-linux.git](https://github.com/Isaac-maker/dele-t-linux.git)
cd dele-t-linux

Commit message:

Fix README formatting and update project name

README.md, after:

# 🛡️ DELETE-LINUX

**DELE-T-LINUX** is a robust Python-driven automation tool designed for Linux users who prioritize data privacy. This script streamlines the secure and permanent deletion of files and directories by leveraging forensic-grade tools, ensuring your sensitive data remains unrecoverable.

---

## 🚀 Key Features

* **Smart Distro Detection:** Automatically identifies **Arch Linux**, **Debian**, and **Ubuntu** derivatives to handle package management.
* **Auto-Dependency Management:** Seamlessly installs `shred` or `wipe` if they are missing from your system.
* **Pattern-Based Deletion:** Bulk delete specific file types (e.g., `.mp4`, `.pdf`, `.key`) using advanced overwriting.
* **Directory Shredding:** Deep, recursive cleaning of entire folders, destroying the underlying file structure.
* **Customizable Security:** Choose between 1 to 64 overwrite passes to meet your specific security requirements.

---

## 🛠️ System Requirements

* **OS:** GNU/Linux (Debian/Arch and derivatives).
* **Language:** Python 3.x.
* **Privileges:** `sudo` access is required for package installation and low-level data destruction.

---

## 📦 Installation & Usage

### 1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone [https://github.com/Isaac-maker/dele-t-linux.git](https://github.com/Isaac-maker/dele-t-linux.git)

cd dele-t-linux

2. Run the tool

No manual setup is required. Simply launch the script:
Bash

python3 main.py

3. Tool Comparison
Tool	Best Use Case	Method
Shred	Files by extension or individual files	Overwrites with random data, zeros, and truncates.
Wipe	Directories and complex folder trees	Erases file nodes and indices from the filesystem.
⚠️ Safety Warning

    [!IMPORTANT] This tool performs irreversible actions. Once a file is processed by DELE-T-LINUX, it cannot be recovered even with specialized forensic software. Use it with caution.

👤 Author

Developed with ❤️ by Isaac-maker.

    GitHub: @Isaac-maker

If you find this project useful, please consider giving it a ⭐️ on GitHub to support its development!
